DOC-12351 Add or Remove Services and Rebalance (#3846)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/manage/pages/manage-nodes/add-node-and-rebalance.adoc

In a production or similar context, to ensure security, only administrator-configured certificates should be used on a cluster: these should rely on a well known _Certificate Authority_, whose certificate is loaded as the cluster's _root_ certificate.
(For more information, see xref:learn:security/certificates.adoc#server-certificates[Default Certificates and Certificate Substitution].)

> In such a context, no node can be added to the cluster until conformant administrator-configured certificates have been loaded onto it such activities must be performed in addition to those shown by the examples on this page.

Reviewer: It seems like there's a semicolon missing after "loaded onto it":

In such a context, no node can be added to the cluster until conformant administrator-configured certificates have been loaded onto it; such activities must be performed in addition to those shown by the examples on this page.

Author: This is legacy content. These will be eventually rewritten. But I've rewritten the paragraph.

> In such a context, a node can be added to the cluster only after conformant administrator-configured certificates are loaded to the node. Such activities must be performed in addition to those shown by the examples on this page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this context, a node can be added to the cluster only after conformant administrator-configured certificates are loaded to the node. 
You must configure certificates as well as completing the steps shown by the examples on this page.
```
